vercel caching (PR from TinaCMS) (#2960)
tinacms/tina.io: content/docs/frameworks/next/app-router.mdx

## FAQs

### Updates Not Reflecting Correctly on Page

When working with TinaCMS in a Next.js project using the App Router, you might encounter situations where Vercel is aggressively caching content causing certain updates to not reflect correctly.

> There's two ways to fix this:
> 
> 1. Manually updating the default re-validation time for route segments. Find more information here: [https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config#revalidate](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config#revalidate)
> 2. Pass { cache: 'no-store' } as an additional parameter to fetch requests to force the fetching of latest content. Find more information here: [https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/fetch#optionscache](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/fetch#optionscache)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The root cause is that the [Vercel Data Cache](https://vercel.com/docs/data-cache) is caching responses from TinaCloud's content API. This can be confirmed by either querying the GraphQL API and looking for the updated content, or by checking the [cache's usage in Vercel](https://vercel.com/docs/data-cache/manage-data-cache).

There are 2 ways to fix this:

1. Manually updating the default re-validation time for route segments. This will cause Incremental Static Regeneration to rebuild the pages whilst revalidating cached content API reponses at runtime with updated content. Find more information here: [https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config#revalidate](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config#revalidate)
2. Add an extra parameter to your query (TinaCMS generated) e.g. `const response = await client.queries.page({ relativePath: 'pages/home.mdx'}, { fetchOptions: { next: { revalidate: 60 } })})`. This will be passed to the underlying `fetch` request.  Find more information about how Next.js extends `fetch`: [https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/fetch](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/fetch)
```

I don't think we should explicitly recommend no-store, they should be able to choose their own revalidation strategy.

I've put a rough code sample in there which should work, maybe just double check it for readability.
